get I has a guy just sorta do another
video a little bit of a nice and
Scratchy
flying around with things just something
was it different but still the same I
quite liked the sound of these baits
just the sand of some guy getting out of
my head
okay I just try something a little bit
different I think it's a watch case a
Rolex watch case something different
just think of my fingers massaging
gently massaging your hands massaging
your head gently running my fingers
through your hair well perhaps you'd
prefer a neck massage preferably on the
back of the neck
well I'm looking forward to trying to
give someone a face massage I love
watching face massage I find it very
relaxing
just imagine my fingers running after
your face massaging every part you
achieve if your cheeks and your eyebrows
are getting every part scheme so that
you feel very refreshed and rejuvenated
something a little different and again
we get back to face cream this one is
hard
that's gonna be for the scratching video
I hope you liked it
tell me what you think and if you got
any requests let me know I'll do the
best I can thank you very much